Over the course of this Robotics Software Engineer Nanodegree program,
you will build five projects.
Each project will demonstrate the skills you learned in the preceding lessons.
These five projects will constitute a great portfolio for potential employers.
We will kick off the program by prototyping robots in a simulator called Gazebo.
In the Build My Word project,
you will work with Gazebo to simulate an environment,
comprise of a building to house your future robot.
Next, you will learn the robot operating system or ROS for short.
In the Go Chase It project,
you will use rows to design and build a mobile robot.
You will house you knew robot in the world you built in the first project.
Eventually, you will program your robot to chase a ball through this world.
Both the world that you create in the first project and robotic design in
this project will form the base for all your upcoming projects in this program.
After studying ROS and Gazebo,
you will learn to manage uncertainty with probabilistic algorithms.
In the third module,
you will learn probabilistic localization algorithms to estimate
the robot's position and orientation. In the Where Am I?
project you will develop an autonomous driving system to localize the robot.
First, you will navigate your robot through a series of waypoints.
Then you will localize it with the localization package in ROS.
After that, you will study mapping algorithms.
By combining mapping with the skills you learnt within the previous lessons,
you will be able to implement simultaneous localization and mapping, or SLAM.
In the Map My World Robot project,
you would use SLAM package,
with ROS to simultaneously localize your robot and create 2D and 3D maps of your world.
Finally, you will learn how to search for a path and navigate it with classical,
sample-based, and probabilistic algorithms.
In the Home Service Robot project,
you will integrate everything you learnt in this Nanodegree program to build
a home service robot that will navigate to pick up and deliver objects inside your world.
There is a lot to learn and it will be a challenge.
But once you've completed this Nanodegree program you'd have developed
an impressive set of robotic skills and build amazing projects.